Purpose.  I want to talk about purpose for a moment.  The fruits of our actions and purpose.
When we have a purpose to do something, a reason why, it leads our actions and behaviour.
The issue arises when the fruits of our actions are our reason why.  When the effect is the reason for
the cause, than this creates attachment to results.  When there is attachment to results, 
the causing forces of an effect, the seeds we sow, are dependant?
When our why arises out of Love




Something dear to me about you and I has always been how we can tell each other anything and we are a safe space for each other to do so.
I want to address something because I realize what I did could be interpreted in many ways and I don't want to create confusion.

This beginning part ties into everything and I want to put it on paper
Last year when we hadnt been talking and I looked inside and asked how to make things right, 
I was only looking to make things right,
the spirit within me asked me if my Love was true.  And I found that it is.  And you had told me you felt True Love.  
And so I then saw in my heart's eye that I could drift and fade away like the others did and both go looking for "the next" 
new interesting thing or fling, leaving you behind to give up on True Love, because you would say to yourself then
"I felt True Love" but they left and gave up on it so this must mean it doesn't exist.
Ask my Dad or my Mom and she would have told you it does.  Now here is the continuation and how it somewhat curved and how
I've been learning.  
Remember that before we had dated, I suggested that we date without having sex and then stop dating for a while to reflect.  
I never tried to kiss you in your own bed the night you first asked me to sleep there with you.


Kali and my Star-Family told me to let that Love come through, regardless of circumstance or the fact
that there was no sign whatsoever that I would ever see you again, that I needed to take action based on who I choose to be,
and so I chose what was real to me and let it come through. 
I kept telling myself that even if I never see you again, you would atleast know from my letters and invitations 
that I didn't abandon you or replace you.. that Love wouldnt die.


its more real for me to write a letter from my heart to
to be as open as possible so that you
knew my Truth


or 


Relationships can be most challenging in the beginning cause thats when

I'm writing this to say I am going to do one of the hardest things now and 

