

Florence and Laurence,
I come to you not only in reverence and love but also with shame and sadness.
Shame and sadness at myself for having ventured alone into the world with no account at the time
given to either of you of the course of events which I was molded and shaped by great pressure
as any stone is tested by and evolved through ordeals and obstacles of the dark night of the soul
as I returned at the age of 21 back home with my family in the united states.  
I do not blame these ordeals and obstacles for having isolated myself from beings whom I saw as members of my soul family,
for truly I needed these ordeals and obstacles to become who I am today.  

I am writing to show you the seeds you have planted so that you know everything you both did was more monumental
for us your students than you may ever believe or find out, 
and not one bit of what you poured into us in Love has ever came to be in vain.

I know this is a long body of writing and yet I expect nothing of you not even of you to continue reading,, 
and yet who you both have chosen to be in this life sparking the flame of liberation within others through your mission
and passion of cultivating intentional spiritual practices of art and creation,
I wish I could give you both the greatest gifts in the world because you both have given of the
greatest gifts in the world to myself and others and all I have to give is my testimony and my story to show you how
you both have fundamentally and dramatically helped shaped what I am to be in this life and all of what 
I now have to offer the world that which is born from my soul,
all of which would not be possible without everything you both have been for this world so far.


I was of the age of 18 when I learned of the academy and 20 when I attended. 
Upon returning to the states my mom Angela Zuluaga was diagnosed with Alzheimers and I turned 21.  As she began losing
her cognitive abilities at first I denied anything was happening and assured myself it was healable through diet.
A bit of background,
I was born to a humble very closeknit South American immigrant family with whom I've lived most my life 
as is traditional in Colombian families.
As a child I drew while the children played and my mom is the angel who always encouraged me to keep drawing.

At 17, after my spiritual awakening started I started painting as a way to connect with the spirit of who I was as a child.
Right after high school, I found your academy online and I felt it to be home for my soul.
I worked from 2014 to 2015 at a restaurant to save up money to move to Vienna.

Here now I could fill up this whole letter sharing only about Vienna however I wish to give the full picture
by bridging the rest of the story for you for what has occured to me since then and why your seeds you planted in me
have bloomed in ways I never would have thought yet possible for me to now be able to offer the dharma that now has
been made possible as a part of my reality in the form of my highest service capable of rendering for others.

In 2016 when I got back from vienna to the states, within a few months a dear friend of mine and I in the streets were mugged, 
jumped assaulted, and robbed and he passed away from the injuries of our assaultants who are currently in prison. 
I was 21. Shortly in the months that followed my Mom Angela was diagnosed with Alzheimers and I fell into a deep depression 
using alcohol to cope and I got my first DUI for 'driving under the influence of alcohol'.  

At this point I was in a chapter of my life where everything seemed very dark.
I realized even though my soul was an artist, I was not a businessman. 
Up until then I had not learned to be a marketer and sell my art in any way and I sure didnt have a platform either.

And so 2017 I decided I was going to teach myself to learn to code websites for my art.
I went back to school to learn web design and software programming starting in 2018 until 2020.
During this period I continued to meditate however I was discouraged by the people around me including 
one of my own sisters who mocked my vision of life as an artist.  She married a millionaire who bought his company
from his dad and now owns it, so of course my situation to her may have appeared laughable.
At first I continued to paint while going to school, however as schoolwork accumulated demands increased, 
I looked around me for any consolation however what I got was only encouragement for me to continue my schooling,
for 'how else was I going to make a living' those around me would echo.  
My painting slowed to a halt in 2019 and I got another DUI and went to jail.

In 2020 Covid struck and schools shut down including my own.  

















,
I left to move in with my parents, my dad being in his 70s in case anything were to happen to them getting sick.
Shortly after I was turned in and served my charged sentences successfully.
2022 was one of the most difficult years of my life.  
My older sis Angelica Zuluaga who was only 4 years older passed away
from asthma attack and I fell into a deep depression that turned out to be another owi for me.
Currently, my mom Angela Zuluaga has had alzheimers for almost 6 years and needs round the clock care 24/7..
she can't eat or go to the bathroom by herself and I am the only child at home (brother is in purdue, sister passed)
to help take care and my dad is 76 years old.


So here now with your grace and that of the Judge and Prosecutor I am asking for this:
To, the judge may want to see some jail time, but after that, if I am able to serve a month or two in jail
and the rest on home detention, that means I will be able to live at home to be with my mom the remainder
of her life and care for my elderly parents who have been the foundation of my life.
This is all I ask for.

I'm an artist who has used alcohol to cope in the past and suffered by that self sabotage in doing so,
although it is probably appropriate for me to share that I have not had a sip of alcohol this year,
honestly because in my spirit I believe everything will be better if I dont, and I've start to see those changes.  
Stacy I'm not a criminal.  The opposite really, my aspirations are to help others through my art which is
made all in Love from the heart.  


The gratitude and joy I feel knowing the intentions behind this group and that you all carry with you into here is overflowing.
Thank you for holding space for us and making us feel welcome to open ♡♡♡