
Stacy Ambler,

I am writing to you to ask you to please forgive my circumstance of my expressing my wish to contribute to you financially 
and my ignorance of what is considered unethical which to me would seem normal, I didnt know the status of public defendant was
unchangeable in that way as no one ever told me.

I don't know what to do at this point other than write you and be open to you. I want this for you to not to be just another case of 
an anonymous criminal for you and to give you background about who I am.

Stacy Ambler,

I am writing to you to ask you to please forgive my circumstance of my expressing my wish to contribute to you financially
and my ignorance of what is considered unethical which to me would seem normal, I didnt know the status of public defendant was
unchangeable in that way no one ever told me.

I don't know what to do at this point other than write you and be open to you. I want this for you to not to be just another case of
an anonymous criminal for you and to give you background about who I am.

I was born to a humble very closeknit South American immigrant family
with whom I've lived most my life and do currently.  
My parents are a great influence as they always encouraged me.
As a child I drew while the children played.
At 17 I started painting as a way to connect with the spirit of who I was as a child.
Right after high school, I worked from 2013 to 2015 at a restaurant to save up money to move to
Vienna, Austria in 2015-2016 where I studied painting at the Vienna Academy of Visionary Art aka 'VAVA'.
The paintings im sharing here are from around that time.
When I got back from vienna a close friend passed after which I fell into a
deep depression and got my first owi.
2017 is when my mom Angela Zuluaga was diagnosed with alzheimers.
In 2018 I went back to school for computer science, as a way to learn to make websites for my art.
2019 I got my second owi in jan driving home from a restaurant.
2020 I was serving my sentence and when covid happened, like I shared with you on the phone,
I left to move in with my parents, my dad being in his 70s in case anything were to happen to them getting sick.
Shortly after I was turned in and served my charged sentences successfully.
2022 was one of the most difficult years of my life.  
My older sis Angelica Zuluaga who was only 4 years older passed away
from asthma attack and I fell into a deep depression that turned out to be another owi for me.
Currently, my mom Angela Zuluaga has had alzheimers for almost 6 years and needs round the clock care 24/7..
she can't eat or go to the bathroom by herself and I am the only child at home (brother is in purdue, sister passed)
to help take care and my dad is 76 years old.


So here now with your grace and that of the Judge and Prosecutor I am seeking this:
The judge may want to see some jail time, if I am able to serve a month or two in jail
and the rest on home detention even if it is 2 years, that means I will be able to live at home to be with my mom the remainder
of her life and care for my elderly parents who have been the foundation of my life.
This is all I ask for.

I'm an artist who has used alcohol to cope in the past and suffered by that self sabotage in doing so,
although it is probably appropriate for me to share that I have not had a sip of alcohol this year,
honestly because in my spirit I believe everything will be better if I dont, and I've start to see those changes.  
Stacy I'm not a criminal.  The opposite really, my aspirations are to help others through my art which is
made all in Love from the heart.  


The gratitude and joy I feel knowing the intentions behind this group and that you all carry with you into here is overflowing.
Thank you for holding space for us and making us feel welcome to open ♡♡♡


f
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Dear Tati soul sister,
On your birthday I wish to open up more to you through writing as we both know I have been an infamous
introvert and, although that is dandy and great when it comes to the old Adage of 'know thyself',
I am aware that we live in a culture where linguistic filters reign western reality, where everything is circumscribed
in words or else it does not exist,, a bit of an exaggeration on my part for fun but you get the idea.
I wish to first focus on you, then focus on me, then all together!

Tati, you have been one of the earliest memories of mine, and you were my first "older sister" while I was a toddler
as Angelica was not of age yet to introduce me to things such as books and fun facts about the world.
You would take me to all kinds of places when I was little, as well as often to IUPUI and as well as to hangout
with your cool older friends which I loved.
I will always remember you taking me to the Holocaust Survivor's story testimonial,, Even today it is even
rarer and something about that visit opened me up to feeling greater compassion for others in face of atrocities
to the mind of a 9 year old kid (you always took me to advanced things for my age, that I remember).
I realize you faced many challenges and pressure as the oldest child in a different culture than that where you were born,
and still you perservered in finding things out for yourself and going after your aspirations and helping angelica and I
along the way.. Respect that takes courage and an inner drive to learn.
On learning,
You gave Angelica and Michael and I a head start in academics and education when you dove head first with the fire spirit
of genuine enthusiasm and curiousity into the sciences and study of the body,
because I believe when we saw your tenacity and voracious appetite for education at the time we were inspired to do the same
and indeed, as we remember Angelica finished her work at the Fontan School early and got to come back early, as well
as was on the Dean's list, I took up my own self study pursuits with glee, and Michael as we know is a little prince in academics.
I will always remember you locked up in your room forever studying and reading and then you would sometimes pull me in
and show me something really cool like the animation of cells protecting the body just like we would protect
each other, that always stuck with me.
I feel like what you wanted was truth.  When I look back I see a pursuit for truth and a fascination and wonder
of the natural world,,, sound familiar?  This is THE pioneer spirit, The timeless Soul who looks upon the world with
the Eyes of a Child.. 
Here now before going forward I must affirm one of my hearts wishes for you Tati and that is for you to practice and play and 
pretend seeing things through the eyes of a child, seeing things like for the first time, like as if youre an anthropologist
from another planet studying earth and making new observations and connecting dots further,
kindling your curiousity ablaze anew.  

Naturally your path evolved further and over time you refined what it was that you wanted,
as well as defining your version of success.
Although all of our versions of success are different, mine a bit more so than most, seeing you go after your
vision of the life you want to live and bringing those goals into reality has inspired me to do the same in my own way.

You have been an anchor for this family in so many ways and I want you to Thank you for being a superhero over and over
again.  

I love how you love and care the way you do regardless of whether you think our choices are tasteful
or not, thats something I admire about you is that, even though your relationship with Jimmy has accentuated
the weight you give to societal norms and appearances, you still welcome me and welcome different things in general 
which may not totally share the same perspective and that to me is a mark of philophical maturity and unconditional love.


Here's a fun fact.  Once I was having kundalini-like experiences last year in a meditation and I was told your soul
is originally Lyraen "from Lyra" star system and lived in the Orion constellation for some time.
Lyraens are known for their compassion to be of humanitarian nature and are one of the original settlers of Lemuria
and Atlantis.

Half joking half not,
You having worked with autistic children in the past I feel like prepared you to have me as a brother!
I don't actually believe in those artificial labels as I believe all of us have different apptitudes strengths affinities
predilections to certain behavioral patterns which are conducive to the carrying out of our soul's life purposes,
however just like exposing oneself to cultures of great diversity allows one to recognize there are many
ways to thrive, I believe you and I can take away different things from each other as inspiration. 
That being said thank you for being one of my inspirations.
I have certainly been influenced by you along my way early on and later now as well.
Early on you inspired me through your love of learning about the natural world, which I believe plays a role in
my journey into physics studies as the purpose in both is one discovering the way in which the universe expresses 
itself. 
Later on now as well, you inspire me with your love for this family and sofia and bella and others, as well as really practical things 
like attention to detail, punctuality, organization, and forwardness in communication.  

Always remember that I love you dearly and that I 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------
Data Integrity Team,



I am writing to you to ask you to please forgive my circumstance of my expressing my wish to contribute to you financially
and my ignorance of what is considered unethical which to me would seem normal, I didnt know the status of public defendant was
unchangeable in that way no one ever told me.

I don't know what to do at this point other than write you and be open to you. I want this for you to not to be just another case of
an anonymous criminal for you and to give you background about who I am.

I was born to a humble very closeknit South American immigrant family
with whom I've lived most my life and do currently.  
My parents are a great influence as they always encouraged me.
As a child I drew while the children played.
At 17 I started painting as a way to connect with the spirit of who I was as a child.
Right after high school, I worked from 2013 to 2015 at a restaurant to save up money to move to
Vienna, Austria in 2015-2016 where I studied painting at the Vienna Academy of Visionary Art aka 'VAVA'.
The paintings im sharing here are from around that time.
When I got back from vienna a close friend passed after which I fell into a
deep depression and got my first owi.
2017 is when my mom Angela Zuluaga was diagnosed with alzheimers.
In 2018 I went back to school for computer science, as a way to learn to make websites for my art.
2019 I got my second owi in jan driving home from a restaurant.
2020 I was serving my sentence and when covid happened, like I shared with you on the phone,
I left to move in with my parents, my dad being in his 70s in case anything were to happen to them getting sick.
Shortly after I was turned in and served my charged sentences successfully.
2022 was one of the most difficult years of my life.  
My older sis Angelica Zuluaga who was only 4 years older passed away
from asthma attack and I fell into a deep depression that turned out to be another owi for me.
Currently, my mom Angela Zuluaga has had alzheimers for almost 6 years and needs round the clock care 24/7..
she can't eat or go to the bathroom by herself and I am the only child at home (brother is in purdue, sister passed)
to help take care and my dad is 76 years old.


So here now with your grace and that of the Judge and Prosecutor I am asking for this:
To, the judge may want to see some jail time, but after that, if I am able to serve a month or two in jail
and the rest on home detention, that means I will be able to live at home to be with my mom the remainder
of her life and care for my elderly parents who have been the foundation of my life.
This is all I ask for.

I'm an artist who has used alcohol to cope in the past and suffered by that self sabotage in doing so,
although it is probably appropriate for me to share that I have not had a sip of alcohol this year,
honestly because in my spirit I believe everything will be better if I dont, and I've start to see those changes.  
Stacy I'm not a criminal.  The opposite really, my aspirations are to help others through my art which is
made all in Love from the heart.  


The gratitude and joy I feel knowing the intentions behind this group and that you all carry with you into here is overflowing.
Thank you for holding space for us and making us feel welcome to open ♡♡♡


------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Colin,
As you know I was born to a humble very closeknit South American immigrant family
with whom I've lived most my life and do currently, as my older siblings have moved out and I am 
currently the youngest child left to stay and help my parent's elderly condition.
This will be my Moms 6th year into alzheimers at this point and my dad is 76.
My parents are a great influence as they always encouraged me and been nothing but love.

I have shared with you about going with my parents to my home country Colombia this summer,
to help take care of my mom who needs round the clock care and attention.
I have just learned from my dad that hes going to go be taking advantage of the opportunity
to have an eardrum surgery hes been talking about and needing to get for years,
as he only hears little out of one ear and nothing through the other.
He asked me if I would stay with him for the recovery time as he wont have hearing for about two months.

After much debating with him, 
we decided this might be one of the only last chances to go before my mom simply cannot ride the plane.

I wish I could stay and continue with Lids this summer on your Team with all my being,
I just know if I get older and look back in time I will want to know I supported them when they needed me,
as I can always look for employment again, albeit with difficulty, 
but I will not always be able to do this for them.

I am incredibly grateful for you having me on your team and as well for always being so inclusive and accepting to me,
thank you for being continuously an anchoring leader for Lids and for your team, and I can tell you are quite 
the family man as well. 

We leave in May and I am currently writing and recording documentation for my receipt backout and Pod error tasks.
I will be meeting with the other Data Integrity team members at least once every week and record
walk throughs for these tasks.  

Thank you for everything Colin





Receipt Backout Documentation

What are the purposes of receipt backout ?
To negate specific quantities of units from their corresponding receipts to reflect a sudden receipt change such as 
when items are returned due to incorrect shipping.

Conceptually, sku/size units belong to licenses, which belong to receipts, which belong to POs.  
PO > Receipts > Licenses > units

From start to finish what does the process look like along with the different kinds of scenarios?

To start off, there are two main different kinds of receipt backout processes we will call Version 1, & Version 2
In the emails we receive for backout requests,
The two versions differ only in:  what information we are given to start with to perform our backout

(Version 1):  We are provided with a license # identifying 'where the units CURRENTLY are' 
(usually never is the original receiving license, but a license farther downstream to which the units have been transferred to)

(Version 2):  We are provided with no license # only a SKU/SIZE combo and PO #, sometimes receipt # too but more often not)

What are the steps in all receipt backouts?
Step 1 : find appropriate original receiving license to back units off of
Step 2 : transfer units to the appropriate selected license to back off of 
Step 3 : return this license to its original state (updating its properties to how it was originally)
Step 4 : backout & close receipt


~~~(TERMS)~~~ :
"Original Receiving License" - This is the most upstream license where the units initially started, and these licenses are identified
by the value = "006" under the column TYPE

Only licenses with type 006 are able to be used for backouts, and 
ANY 006 license can be used to backout the units needing backed out AS LONG AS that license originally received the same SKU/SIZE
units as are needing backed out, and AS LONG AS this license belongs to the Receipt and PO of the order on which these units need
backed out.

"Original State" - The set of property values for inventory key, po #, and receipt # for the license we are choosing As It Was when
first created (we can get all this info for each license by using the third query in sql query sheet version1)

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
THE DIFFERENCES IN STEPS OF VERSION 1 to VERSION 2 are as follows:
(STEP 1)
The versions differ in their backout process in that:

Version 1 we already know the license where the units are already on, so we use sql query sheet V1
to find an appropriate original receiving license based on column "src_lic" which tells us the origin source license for these units
Once we find the source license from which the units on the current license came from, we can continue normally with Step 2 AS LONG AS
this source license QTY originally received is equal to or greater than the units now currently needing backed off.
If is has less than, this is a special case and we proceed with the instructions for SPECIAL CASE below

Version 2 we take the sku/size and po # provided in the email to sql query sheet version2;  The first query gives us a list of receipts
associated with the PO, and the second query returns a list of licenses all of which meet the sku/size and po# requirements for the 
backout.  Any of these licenses is acceptable to choose to back off of AS LONG AS the column TYPE says '006' and the qty originally 
received on the license is equal to or greater than the units needing backed off currently,,
If is has less than, this is a special case and we proceed with the instructions for SPECIAL CASE below

(STEP 2)
VERSION 1:
Transfer units from current license to the orginally receiving license by, after opening the license in license inventory in swisslog,
look for the blue 'transfer' tool on the left edge of the inventory window and then input the original receiving license # to transfer to

VERSION 2:  Once you found an appropriate originally receiving license, go to swisslog and under Receiving then under Receipts 
find 'miscellaneous receipt' and when that window opens, to add units to that originally receiving license to back off of 
simply fill in the appropriate sku/size and license info and with the Full amount needing backed off
(For 'Location', use "Trouble") (For 'Receiving', input 'Each')
SAVE

(STEP 3)
Now the rest of the steps are the same for both version 1 and 2.
Update license property values to the corresponding values of it's original state, and we can find these values again by using the
third query in sql query sheet Version1,
and use the UPDATE query in the same sql sheet to update the property values 
If the property values do not match the original receiving state values, we will get an error when we go to back off units saying 
"cannot locate historical receipts/inventory keys for this license"

(STEP 4)
Once the license is updated to its original state,
we make sure the receipt for the license is OPEN, which in WM is called 'SOC' which stands for Start Of Check-In.
Normally the receipt is closed which in WM is called 'Post', 
so to back off the units we first set the receipt status to 'SOC' by using the last queries on Sql query sheet Version 1 and commit;
Once this is done we can now go to swisslog and back out the units by,
in the inventory license window after we pull up the license we are backing out from,
on the left edge of the window in the middle there is a tool with an icon of two green plus signs,, this is the one, click ok on
the window that pops up and then under QTY needing backed off we input the requested # of backout unit and click save 
Wonderful! Now lastly we must put the receipt status back from 'SOC' to 'POST' by going in swisslog under 'RECEIVING' click 
'Receipts' and then query the receipt you want to close again and post, and on the left edge of the window the bottom two tools
are 'close' and 'post',, click both in that order and press ok on all windows that pop up and thats it!
Congratulation!

We can double check that the units were successfully backed out by, still in the 'receipts' window on the top left edge 
there is another tool called 'Checked-In-Inventory" .
Click that, and under drop down click checked in inventory again and that will pull up a complete list of all units added or backed off
of all licenses on that receipt.



SPECIAL CASE:  IF VERSION 1 SRC LICENSE ORIGINALLY RECEIVED LESS THAN IS CURRENTLY NEEDING BACKED OFF:
This is the special case video, and the solution is this:
We use version 1 queries to obtain the PO #, Receipt #, and SKU/SIZE combo that is associated with the license on which the units are
Currently on,
and we take these values to Version2 sql query sheet to the second query to obtain a LIST of licenses which all fulfill the requirements
of: All these licenses belong to the correct PO and Receipt from which these units need backed off,
SO
We can use any combination of 2 or more of these licences to fully backout the total QTY requested AS LONG AS the license values 
under TYPE Column are of type "006"
To do this, we start with creating a 'miscellaneous receipt' like we do normally for VERSION 2 process as we have documented in 
our video, fill in the appropriate sku/size and license info and with the FULL AMOUNT needing backed off 
(we are going to transfer the overflow QTY to another license so dont worry if the license you choose originally received less-tham
is being requested to back off, thats the point because we can split off some units to another license)
Once we do this in swisslog,
Query the license you have just created in the inventory license window,
and on the left edge of the window theres the 'transfer' button, its blue and you also use it to transfer license 'locations'
Click it, and then there is a window that opens and in that window on the far top left there is a button that says
"Combine Split"
Click it, and then as 'Source' type the license on which the units are splitting off FROM,
and fill in the rest info sku/size and QTY amount of units being Split off to another license, and under destination, type the 
second license to which the overflow of units is going so that both licenses now have =< equal to or less than # qty originally 
received on that license,
and (For 'Receiving' drop down menu, input 'Each')
Thats it! From there, continue on to STEP 3 and 4 normally updating the licenses to their original state by using VERSION1 sql sheet
and back them off and post the receipt


Special Info and Reminders:  
- If license is in location: anything 'Distro', then use the 'transfer' tool to change location to 'Trouble' before backing out
- If license qty, in the inventory license window on the bottom right, is all 'Ord' instead of 'Avail', then use the allocate tool
on the very bottom left edge of the inventory license window and in the drop down that appears, click 'un-allocate'


-------------------------------------------------------------
Today is the one year anniversary of the passing of my sister Angelica Maria Zuluaga
who was only 4 years older than me from an asthma attack.
This is the first time I am posting about this publically,
for during the this happening I was in a state of shock and part of me did not know
how to process this, what it meant, or why it happened at a soul level
at the time.
I realized we cannot judge another's path and the turns it takes to get to
the mountain top, for there are things in this world we can only understand 
from the inside out.
I am going to write about her both in past tense and in present tense, 
for the Spirit lives only now,
and we also cannot judge energy for the way it changes appearance as it
perpetually transforms throughout eternity.


In sharing what Angelica loves, her heart melted with animals among other things,
for their pure intuitive understanding and easy loving requires no words
and yet she had her own language with which she in a very real sense would 
become a family member to them in her own right and care for them as such,
for she recognized the preciousness of living beings regardless of their capacity
to english or language things for others.  She had deep empathy, and I believe 
this empathic nature is what bonded her to animals among many other things.
She saw your Soul. 


She is brave!  When we were kids she would perform in front of a room full of people by 
singing Disney songs (most notabley from "The Little Mermaid"), and she was
not afraid to be the first one in a room to talk freely or do something new.

She was incredibly protective and loyal with her family and loved ones and she took 
care especially of my mom Angela once she was diagnosed with Alzheimer's,
with the same loving nurturing motherly energy that my mom has instilled in her growing up.

She was amazingly tenacious with the things she was passionate about and this was 
expressed with her making the Dean's List while studying wildlife biology and zoology
at Ball State.  She intended on and felt inspired to work with animals throughout her life.  
A dreamer like myself, her vision was to one day own a Wildlife Rehabilitation Center
where any injured hurt, or sick wild animals would be taken in and nurtured back to
health thanks to her Encyclopediac Mind for Animal lifestyle and diet facts and information
conducive to health rehabilitation for just about any species (she could pull this
information effortlessly out of nowhere from her seemingly neverending reservoir of 
animal kingdom knowledge.)

She was prideful of her lineage and heritage that came with being born and 
raised in a traditional Colombian family where we were immersed in the culture 
of our native country thanks to our parents who were born in Medellin, 
along with all the ways of speaking, cooking, music and mannerisms that naturally came 
with this privelage of having such a culturally diverse household.

She would hold your hand and cry with you.  True story.  She was an empath and deeply
emotional and compassionate, and this I believe she sometimes saw as a double edged 
sword, as she expressed it could be "hard" being that emotional sometimes.

As we were 4 years apart, we played together as kids all the time.  
Her, she preferred horses while, me, I preferred dinosaurs.  And so what do you know
we had both kinds of toys to play with at the same time and so we created our own
world casually with both horses and dinosaurs who had stories and adventures together
with the innocence and naivete of a child in the face of such juxtaposition of 
inter-mingling characters.
Who says dinosaurs and horses cant play together? 

Angelica is one of my best friends and, more recently, one of my Angels (or maybe always was)

We had many inside jokes, way more than I can count, but we also had some sayings together.
One of them was "hermanitos para siempre" which means lil siblings forever,,
We would say this to each other because,
as we'd be talking open with each other about our human condition sharing our own personal 
struggles and pain that come with this journey of living on earth in a mostly confused 
society with confused expectations and norms,
we delighted and found comfort in that phrase "hermanitos para siempre" and would repeat it
to each other to remind each other that even though life can take all kinds of turns,
we are always going to have each other and be each other's siblings forever...

That remains true and always will and nothing has changed, only transformed in the 
natural cycles of life.. 
When I say this in serenity today, albeit with less difficulty as when it all was happening, 
My view is not indifference for I feel her and love her profoundly with the highest Spiritual 
Love there is,
however I say it this way because she through her rainbow aetheric light body continues on learning
and evolving in guidance by her angelic guardians and teachers as well as ancestors and 
soul family traveling through the astral space freely and visiting us in dreams,,
And so here now I surrender into it all, In Love
Thank you Gel for all that you are, all that you have been, and all that you will be,
and for always keeping me company and being an anchor in my heart,, 
in the sacred heart where all waves meet..
Hermanitos para siempre
















"What is inside and outside the folds of dna, so what is outside is expressed, the dna folds
according to epigenetic using the spacing of junk dna "


important valerie sandelin

All children are sensitive by definition and naturally not designed for a world aiming only
competition and money 


Another experience (and I will concludemaybe here) was with a French shaman calledMarguit,
who had studied in SouthAmerica. She wasshowing usfor example how in a circle depending
on our position in the space, our speech would be different if we would talk from the North,
from the South, or fromtheWest, or East...And how everybody around the circle had something
meaningful to say for the whole group. We could be complete by listening to everybody in the
circle point of view. For example the people in the Northwould talk more fromthe intellectual
mind and people from the South more from emotional point of view and the people from the
East more from a personal “I” point of view and people from the West more from a common
point of you a “we” feeling

As each of my teachers passed away I learned to turn more and more intomy innerself which
was becoming strong because of their love.The difficulty in western countriesliesin keeping
the focus on thisinner struggle to maintain the spiritual identity and bliss purpose in the face
of constant distraction in a world which does not yet understand the value of keeping the
purity of our intentions. Thisis a reason for this book.


This experience with the Tibetans brought to understand that also bliss come through
understanding that we are all one and that the pain of others affect also our own happiness and
unless we take into account in our society the progress of all beings at the same time we will
not achieve a blissful society. This is what Dan means in saying coherence is the scientific
way of measuring which waves are shareable.



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
oneness play page


PRINCIPLES/THINK(PHILOSOPHY-METAPHOR)/FEEL(EXPERIENCE-EMOTION)

"Some may ask what has happened to Daniel who used to paint ?
I have been writing a book about my studies and research of the past decade that began when I was 17, and as a result began painting

Principles of Universal Oneness
The Spiritual Nature of Physics


Think/feel/look



TermsTERMS

STRONG FORCE

WEAK FORCE

ELECTROMAGNETIC FORCE

GRAVITATION

Voltage

Constructive/destructive wave interference

Cymatics

Resistance

Information ENERGY LIGHT

Compression sound waves are same as gravity waves except with mass which only represents .0001 of the energy of space as nassim has shown

Memory = preservation of information in specific coordinates


Any new
Physics and science discovered is created and built upon other upon others upon others always a fractal re iteration of self reflection self awareness feedback feedforward loop of dna understanding itself

The purpose of this book is to organize and present the unified work discoveries inventions research of many people most notable Nassim Haramein and Dan Winter

Bifilar Tesla coil as practical chapter
Viktor shaubergers water vortex practical chapter

Energy-

Spin - superimposed axis if rotation

Resistance-

Zero point energy- include spin path to zero point

Piezo electric-

Ionization




A comppressional array that grows Inside Is a larger hologram that grows inside that you can inhabit if you're centripetal enough

Entanglement/einstein Rosen bridges that create wormholes is longitudinal comppressional tunnels
(Do not say i know )

Intro to terms
Every language hinges on its definitions
Thsee terms have been learned in different ways and two of the greatest teachers of mine in learning to understand terms from the inside out to where one can both feel see what it means and follow its implications and general life cycle
(A wave has a life cycle or beginning and end, a plant, a star, every biological organism including humans,
"The purpose in defining terms in this section is to have a universal language






Omega 3s and myelin sheaths as insulator to protect neurons and dendrites and surrounding areas of synapse electrical activity

Plasma - has a syrupy nature and behaves as such we call it a superfluid as its substance is ionized space or gas

The order is dream intro?
Intro
Intention purposes of this book
Contents
My story of how I got into this material
Greatest teachers and source of information and experience
Terms and Definitions

Physics

Practicality
Metaphors, thinking

Anecdotes

Dan winter has written several books on unified physics I encourage anyone interested in any of this 
material to read or listen to his material available online on his websites and as well nassim as made many videos 
and
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The faster our toroid plasma field spins clockwise/counterclockwise while at the same time turning inside/out like a donut where
the surface facing the inside is moving towards the outside and back again to the inside while spinning,
and most importantly this spin-rate is directly correlative to our state of centripetal frequency
as we raise our frequency, 
as we go more into bliss and implode charge, our toroidal spin increases/accelerates velocity. 

As our toroidal spin increases/accelerates we absorb more and more energy from our environment at a higher rate, 
as opposed to when we are spinning slower.

THINK(METAPHOR): With any water going down the drain, the greater the spin-flux-torque, the stronger the suction,
the faster water will be going down the drain, the more that water is being pulled from further and further regions/outer edges 
of the bathtub and the greater intensity with which the water is attracted into the vortex

FEEL(EXPERIENTIAL)
Let's say right after eating a large meal, when stored field starts, 
when stored fields spin slower because some of the spin is eaten

is being used by the digestion that Metabolic Fire is used to feed the sum of the plasma spin is being used to feed the 
Metabolic Fire. And so the spin slows down. 
That's why we feel a slowing down of time after we eat a large heavy meal and also

that's why whenever we don't want to do something it feels as if time is slowing down because we're resisting and resisting. 
Resistance is the opposite of implosive. Spin the spin path and so it slows down our spin and as slows down our spin time 
the passage of time slows down and so it seems like this thing that we don't want to do is taking a long time because our 
spin slowed down because we're resisting it and resistance impedes are good gets in the way of or cancels out. 
Charge and resistance also is leads to entropy. So A loss of charge through entropy through some kind of loss of heat, 
we experience this as heat. And so the personal experiences Yes. And the opposite is true when we're doing something we 
love that we love to do our spin accelerates and the feeling of passage through time speeds up we go into the flow that is 
called the flow and so and we feel more bliss and so love Thank you, thank you thank you. Also, the spin path to zero points 
is the path of vorticity. That information or charge or inertia would take In Golden Ratio spire ality to the 
absolute center and this is only possible in Golden Ratio wave geometries and the spin path is zero point as possible when 
charge implodes cascade from low frequencies, long waves The long wave the size of our body, all the way down to the plunk scale. 
And at the plunk scale, the information has nowhere to go. But out and through the center out 
through the center of the heart out as a longitudinal wave, which is a compression wave, same kind of wave, 
as the sound is, as opposed to transverse waves which are types of waves that light in electromech Newton take former 
and because also all is entangled all at the Planck scale. At the Planck scale, the charge becomes superluminal in our 
consciousness And the charge when we when the charge reaches center

it forms a focal point at the center which forms an eyeball that shoot can shoot out into this field. 
This field of infinite rainbow light all around us that we can call the ether or the kingdom of heaven

and All points are connected at the Planck scale. So and at the Planck scale information, 
the sheets out to the point scale sheets out faster than speed of light in Love