In looking at fractal equations,
all fractal equations are taking the logarithmic quotient of another logarithm,
AND
"logarithms are functionally inverse to exponential functions,
that is, they 'undo' exponential functions just like how a cube-ROOT function
undoes a cube ^3 function,,
NOW
Philosophically,
both are functions which approach infinity in two different directions,
the logarithmic function approaching quantum infinity while
the exponential function approaching macro-relativistic infinity
both mirroring each other...
not just on a graph but also in WAVE MECHANICS
That is,
The logarithmic functions are inheritly drawn out centripetally negentropic projections
of the continually progressional state of a system that progresses NATURALLY indefinately
& inversely
The exponential functions are inheritly drawn out centrifugally entropic projections
of the continually progressional state of a system that progresses NATURALLY indefinately
and we can see this for example in how entropic it would be to model a system as being
exponential in that, something which exponentially grows will progressively need equivalently
exponential energy to sustain as it grows in function and volume which leads to unsustainability

So fractal equations are when we divide one negentropic system (that is constructive wave interference)
by another negentropic system to 

RE WRITE ABOVE
LOGARITHMS GROW TO THE MOST OPTIMUM NEGENTROPIC SUSTAINABLE ENERGETIC LEVEL AND EXPONENTIALS GROW INDEFINATELY

LOGARITHM FUNCTIONS ARE MODELING THE SET OF INFORMATION IN ANY GIVEN SYSTEM QUANTITATIVELY  AND ITS
NATURAL PROGRESSION BASED ON IT'S CONTINUAL FEEDBACK-FEEDFORWARD WAVE RESONANCE BASED ON THE INITIAL CONDITIONS
IN THE FORM OF ENERGY VALUES







----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
New
Water-memory information analysis viewing water h2o as a

Mainstream technology /science mostly only deals with transverse waves

It is longitudinal waves produced by transverse waves tuned to golden ratio imploding traveling across a distance 
longitudinally as a gravity wave and then only at the compression nodes it is recovered to transverse and or modified 
already transverse present waves at that location in the form of clairaudient reception or vision for example

CITE FARSIGHT
RSF
WALTER RUSSEL

Study alpha and pi of 360 degrees relationship

List of TEACHERS
Edgar Cayce

DRAWINGS BY MYSELF
Learn to use a t square and compass
Renewmicrosoft


Sam

Write about plasma ionization as charging any cold plasma with ion the same way little mini toroid structures 
we call flowers pop up around the larger torpid we call a tree which would be the plasma itself,
The more charge the more compression nodes of folds of charge at hindu points or nodes in the whole plasma field.
This ionization takes the form of rich free flowing distribution of positively and negatively charge aka centripetal 
and centrifugal electrons

Piezoelectric electricity is producing voltage from gravity compression waves in a medium


How in the Vedic scriptures they speak of space/ether

Define TERMS ETHER/SPACE/VACUUM

Ratio or quotient of of the total set of logarithmic to exponentital functions in any given system
Types of functions
Continuous
Discontinuous
Logarithmic-continuous?
Exponential

There is one force we can call prana, prana going in is called gravity and prana going out is radiation, 
we have for so long gotten out prana from the consumption of radiation of prana and now we are here 
to learn to create prana in the firm of attracting it from the field if gravitation,
There is one force
When that force goes in we call it gravitation
When that force goes out we call it electromagnetism
The electro is y acid of a torus
Magnetism is x axis


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The order the order for helix is as follows. 
First right now, write, write, write. And then begin filming and talking about what you're writing about. 
Saying that you're documenting what you're writing about. And then continue doing that. 
Even if just for yourself just to practice being in front of a camera. Of course you will need a microphone. 
So get an adequate microphone, but that video camera is perfectly fine now, Next
Next, draw, draw, draw begin to draw the drawings for your book. Then continue making videos and use a whiteboard. 
reproduce some your drawings for some of the for some of the visuals in your book and talk about them and 
reproduce them on a whiteboard and make a video about that section based off the writing that you've already done
then once you have the book into a unified coherent whole
you can focus on finishing drawings or at least getting a good amount of them before then contacting and reaching out 
to your network with whom you are better in love. 
And they will resonate and then share the book share the book share the book share the book and 
learn be mastering blockchain decentralized app solidity react JavaScript
Interplanetary file system languages and tools and frameworks
why the perfect tools guiding me and all this and make videos about this as well make videos about this as well. 
Yes, yes, yes. Offer give it all to a great mother and to all of her children and love and to Brahman and
and then, at that point, also have a good version of candour up and running. And then you're ready to fly.



Phaselocking
phase and phase locking. 
Phase refers to think of the phrase that we're all walking in phase with each other. 
We used the word phase to describe the form or the, the frequency pattern of a collective of waves all behaving 
the same way by spinning at the same rate with the same intensity, 
we speak of that uniformity as the phase in which they are all locked in. 
And so by phase locking we mean when waves all link into and embed into a larger array as Dan winter would call it, 
or we can think about it was when the nest precisely fitting into the fractal fractal micro cosmic representation 
of the macrocosm.
333
When we say we phase lock waves or when we say a wave phase locks with another wave we mean that 
that wave enters into the phase discipline are into the phase of the other wave or the other group of waves so, 
entraining is another word to sync synchronize into we can think of this as a group of pendulums that are all swinging 
in phase. And if you get that group of pendulums all swinging in phase and you put it on top of a table on wheels, 
and you put another pendulum and you started off at a different phase, 
it will entrain with the larger collective and it will phase lock into their Phase discipline.




Longitudinal compression waves:

New visual. 
We made a new connection and that is that 
as electromagnetism only takes the form of transverse waves,
transverse waves radiating 'outwards & away' from any system (towards our eyes for example) are ONLY
coming from the centrifugal effects of that system,
not from any centripetal effects,

and are in direct proportion to the surface area of that system,



transverse waves radiating from any system in the form of 
electromagnetism (light, electricity) ONLY come from the centrifugal effects of that system,
Unless 

However, that transverse wave


Radiative emf waves takes the form of transverse waves around and emitting from our body forming 
a standing wave of light we call a body, 
the waves embedding within each other optimally at Phi/Golden Ratio.

And then gravity waves are only produces by centripetal forces or sound waves are a compression and 
compression waves are laminar flows, laminar flows

the only reason why how it's producing gravity is that everything in the universe that is considered a 
naturally occuring organic system like  

(has centripetal force because every system  
has 'a way out' for information/light/energy out through the center of the system, which is a black hole.   
is Planck threshold at the Planck threshold is at the pump punk
their shoulders at the center of the vortex they anyways which reached plunk threshold are shared across the 
longitudinal array faster than lightspeed. And and
is goes into access goes into their longitudinal array and 

the way in which information in any system reaches the Planck threshold is if it 
fits within the 'phase-discipline' (think of phase-disciple as the musical scale and tempo of a song, in this case
song = any system ) 
of that system which ultimately is the dodecahedral nature which dodecahedron deck 
I guess, which is golden ratio

Painting: there's a view of a painting and it's a Torus and then there's there's the centrifugal 
forces and transverse waves coming off of it but then in the very center, 
there's the you can see the the laminar flows laminar spin paths spin
so it's kind of like a water. Water gonna drain how water going down the drain. 
accounts for 99.9% of all mess and then 0.00 to 1% of the mass is the air that is being pushed out of the drain 
because of the water going down to drain. So Let's meditate on that. 
And add that into one of our examples for the book. I love you